[Docs] SSL-config related changes in the SequelizeORM docs (#12811)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/quick-start/build-apps/nodejs/ysql-sequelize.md

## Prerequisites

> This tutorial assumes that you have installed YugabyteDB and created a cluster. Refer to [Quick Start](../../../../quick-start/). Also, you have installed latest stable version of [node](https://nodejs.org/en/).

Reviewer: Please make these two as separate points.

```sh
npm install
```

> ## Specifying SSL configuration:
> 
> This configuration can be used while connecting to a YB Managed cluster or a local YB cluster with SSL enabled.
> 
> - Use the configuration in the following way in `models/index.js` file while creating sequelize object:
> ```
> sequelize = new Sequelize("<db_name>", "<user_name>","<password>" , {
>     dialect: 'postgres',
>     port: 5433,
>     host: "<host_name>",
>     dialectOptions: {
>         ssl: {
>             rejectUnauthorised: true,
>             ca: fs.readFileSync('<path_to_root_crt>').toString(),
>         }
>     }
>   });
> ```

Reviewer 2: Markdownlint is helpful, and we have rules already defined for it in the repo...

(And again, should it be unauthoriZed?)

````suggestion

## Specifying SSL configuration

This configuration can be used while connecting to a YB Managed cluster or a local YB cluster with SSL enabled.

Use the configuration in the following way in the `models/index.js` file when you create the sequelize object:

```js
sequelize = new Sequelize("<db_name>", "<user_name>","<password>" , {
    dialect: 'postgres',
    port: 5433,
    host: "<host_name>",
    dialectOptions: {
        ssl: {
            rejectUnauthorised: true,
            ca: fs.readFileSync('<path_to_root_crt>').toString(),
        }
    }
  });
```
````
